{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li902\fi12\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Task: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\cf0 \strike \strikec0 1.	}App should have two characters.
\fs28 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 {\listtext	2.	}Each character has:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \strikec0 {\listtext	1.	}HP
\fs28 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs30 {\listtext	2.	}Attack Power
\fs28 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs30 {\listtext	3.	}Name
\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When one player attacks, the other player/button is disabled for 3 seconds before they can attack
\fs28 \cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4\cf0 \strike \strikec0 .	}If a player dies, the screen should print who won.
\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the game ends, give an option to restart the game
\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li902\fi12\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \

\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Solution: \

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'95 Problem with incorrect "hp" deduction. \
	I fixed issue by changing to whom the "attackHappened" func was called, in the button funcs. I was calling it to the character that was attacking. Instead, this func is for the character who is being attacked. \
Fixed it with multiple "print" statements. \
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 \'95 we have a bug:\
when randomly generating characters from the array, we might get the same character. \
Fix: when creating rand2, make sure it is not = rand1. Keep trying until it is not rand1. ("for" loop, or some other type loop)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
\
2. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 Add labels with health and attack power to each character to the MainStoryboard. \
Update them respectively. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 Don't let hp go below "0"\
(This should be done in the "Character.swift" in the "func: attackHappened" ?)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
\
\
\'95 I need to figure out how to disable the other players "attack" btn after another "attack" btn was pressed. \
\
so there is a class.method called "NSTimer.scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval ( 3.0, target: self, selector: "method we want to fire up after", userInfo: nil, repeats:false)\
In previous example "rpgoop" we used this method to disable a loot button. \
Here, we need to disable another button, when the other is pressed. So inside the timer method we should call the other button. \
Maybe the arguments "target" should be changed. \
\
\
\
If I knew, how to construct this method, \
\
\
\
\
\'95 work on the "game over" lbl and "restart" btn\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}